hey guys welcome to my channel I'm
really honored that this year FIFA World
Cup championship takes part in my city
st. Petersburg and in my country Russia
and I know that not a lot of Russian
people speak good English some people
don't understand English at all so I
want to equip you with the most useful
phrases and words that you would 99%
need if you're coming to Russia for the
World Cup so if you're interested please
continue watching this video
[Music]
by the way guys if you're traveling to
Russia not only to see the World Cup but
also to learn Russian culture and maybe
learn some Russian language I would be
really honored if you would use my
company to help you with that its
language hakam it's a booking platform
for language courses all over the world
including Russian and Russia I was born
and raised in Russia I lived in Russia
till I was 25 years old I recently moved
to the United States but you can trust
me with my Russian so let's go word
number one is entrance entrance in
Russian is what you would see a lot of
signs with this words thought we could
very similar it's exit what entrance we
could exit if you are traveling between
Moscow and st. Petersburg the best
trained to take it's called Samson
that's the name of the train and train
in Russian is boys boy yes when you are
taking your sab son from Moscow to st.
Petersburg you would need to go to the
railway station and the railway station
in Russian is by the South Moscow and
st. Petersburg a really good cities in
terms of the underground basically in
Moscow it connects a lot of district of
the city st. Petersburg is on its way
but I use Metro all the time so Metro is
the word that we use in Russia but if
you want to say it in a Russian manner
say Metro so Metro Metro I love when we
have the same words both in Russian and
in English because it helps me learn the
language and it helps you learn the
language another word is police in
Russians believe says police police say
a couple more words associated with
travelling and another word that you can
just basically translate from American
or English into Russian this Airport in
Russian it's I had a port as if you're
reading the English words which is with
the Russian accent I had a boat
astha naga is a stop so when you're
taking a bus you need to look for a bus
stop and the stop is a standoff gun
if you want to go shopping shop in
Russia is magazine and the way you can
remember it but please don't confuse
this magazine when I started learning
English I thought magazine was a shop
but it wasn't a shop so but you can use
this word to remember magazine nice
shops are they - really easy words for
you to remember our restaurant in
Russian and it is done it is done and
another one is hotel you just admit the
first age and you get a page a day is
hotel in Russia now I'm gonna teach you
to count in Russian which is really
useful one idea to the bus 3 the leave
for chippy diem 5 yet you can say high
five in Russian diet guys it's a cool
phrase to learn and use in Russian the
iPad means high five shaped 6 7 10 8
voice him dammit
9 9 is David and 10 is dish it out by
the way for one you can say our ass and
again and this is one of the confusing
things in Russian language but there are
so many confusing things just don't pay
attention to them now you know how to
count in Russian I'm gonna teach you
some basic phrases and please please
please make sure you write them down
because again as I mentioned there are
so many people in Russia who don't get
English at all and if you are lost
somewhere if you need somebody to show
you the way
you can ask them in Russian and they
would just show you the directions so
please write these things down if you
want to ask where is the stadium you ask
Vitya stazione cos stereo Stygian dear
we're here steady on where is the
stadium in Russia they seem to
close the metro for the night and you
might need to ask whether the
underground is still open so you can ask
me throw at carita
if metros open when you are at the
stadium you want to know where is the
entrance and this is good yeah what
where is the entrance if you want to go
out of the stadium it's good yeah we're
good where is the exit imagine that you
already have your ticket and you're
going to lost in the stadium you need to
ask where is your Tribune good yeah
three buna where is my Tribune and you
need to basically show somebody the
ticket so they will figure out what
you're talking about
yeah do bonus if you want to use the
restroom again a really easy word you
can just transliterated into Russian
toilet in Russian to Elliot and remember
the word where is Katya yeah Julius
where is the toilet I feel you guys are
so profound now like we're just
connecting couple words and you can make
whole phrases oh my god and don't be
afraid to make mistakes in Russian
Russian people oh love love love when
you speak Russian we feel so honored
that our the people are actually
learning Russian because there is this
big culture of learning English but
there is not such a big culture of
learning Russian so any Russian would
try to be as helpful as he can you might
see people even being shy because they
don't know what to do and maybe this is
their first time with a foreigner but
you should know that Russian people are
really kind willing to help
so yeah just smile and don't be afraid
of making any mistakes if you're hungry
you can ask
Kezia could beat you do this basically
means where can i buy food or remember
we've learned the word restaurant you
can say where is the restaurant good
dear restaurant now let's get to food
boat specific phrases if you want to ask
what's the current score I mentioned you
were too obsessed with visiting st.
Petersburg museums in the year lane and
you come to the stadium you like
was this the score you can ask cut coy
shut cowboy shut you can just ask your
neighbor in Russia oh my god guys and if
you're watching this video you are
obliged to practice Russian when you
travel you just have to use at least
couple of phrases from this video and
let me know on Instagram you can hashtag
me lingo marina or tag me in your photos
and let me know that you've used my
video oh my god that would be so so cool
and actually people know me in Russia so
I have a Russian channel and if somebody
tells you how did you learn tell me with
me I'm just kidding but if you're using
Russian please tag me that would be
great if you want to ask what is the
line up
you can ask cut coy stuff stuff cat-boy
just stop if you want to know how much
time is left all of the game you can ask
squirrel kheh Estella's Beria me again
squonk ax is how much and you can also
use the square when you're wondering how
much does a souvenir cost you can just
point at a thing that you like in the
shop and ask escuela and that would mean
that you're wondering what's the price
squad car when the game finishes and you
want to say will last you can say we
rigged rally me is we pray granite loss
we regret it if it's a draw you can say
Misha draw in Russian is Misha but if
you won you can say moving eagerly we
won we regularly all right guys I hope
you enjoyed watching this video if there
are some phrases that you feel that you
really really really need and I haven't
mentioned them please comment below with
a phrase that you think would be useful
during your trips I hope you enjoy your
trip to Russia I hope you'll love my
country I hope you use the phrases that
I've just taught you please like this
video if you're interested to learn more
Russian here's my video about most
common phrases in Russian and if you
just want to learn the Russian culture
and habits that everyone should it up
from Russians in my opinion watch this
video and if you haven't yet subscribed
to my channel there is a subscribe
button right here the circle one click
it and subscribe and I'll see you
in the next slot spy
[Music]
you